# Text-to-image

This code is a Python script for a GUI application that generates and displays images using a pretrained machine learning model. The app uses the tkinter library for creating the graphical user interface, as well as a custom tkinter library called customtkinter.

The app consists of a window with a title "Stable Bud" and a fixed size of 652x782 pixels. The appearance mode of the app is set to "dark" using the customtkinter library.

The user can input text in a prompt provided by a CTkEntry object that is 40 pixels in height and 512 pixels in width. The text entered in the prompt is used as input for the machine learning model to generate an image.

The generated image is displayed in a CTkLabel object that is 512 pixels in height and 512 pixels in width. The image is generated by a pretrained machine learning model for stable diffusion using the diffusers library. The specific model used is "CompVis/stable-diffusion-v1-4" with a revision of "fp16" and a torch data type of float16. The authentication token used for this model is imported from authtoken.py.

The image generation is triggered by a button labeled "Generate" that is 40 pixels in height and 120 pixels in width. When the button is pressed, the generate() function is called which retrieves the text entered in the prompt and uses it as input for the machine learning model to generate an image. The generated image is then saved as a PNG file and displayed in the CTkLabel object.

Overall, this app provides a simple way for users to generate and view images using a pretrained machine learning model.


#RUN

python3


